INSERT INTO fact (fact_en, question) VALUES ('Should we have nuclear power in Denmark? Yes - No Nuclear power The danish parliament chose not to have nuclear power in Denmark in 1985. Yet 4% of our energy consumption is covered by nuclear power, imported from our neighbour countries. Researches on newer and safer forms of nuclear powerplants is being done today around the world including Denmark. Some of them is based on thorium, which has shorter half-life than uranium, and some has a liquid salt reactor, which can't melt down.',1)
INSERT INTO fact (fact_en, question) VALUES ('Would you like windmills as neighbour? Yes - No Windmills as neighbour The goal In 2020 is to make over half of our electricity consumption come from renewable energy, like windmills. that is why we set windmills both in the ocean and the surface. The windmill must be placed four times the height of the mill from residential grounds, in order to be placed on earth.  It is also evaluated, whether the mills will affect the nature, landscape, the cultural history as in churches and burial mounds, and of course how the people who are neighbours to the windmills get affected by their noise and shadow.',2)
INSERT INTO fact (fact_en, question) VALUES ('Should your next car run on electricity? Yes - No Electric cars in Denmark We have approximately 2.4 million passenger cars in Denmark, of which 8.000 is electric cars. Our society should be based even more on electricity in the future, especially from windmills. Electric cars can make use of of sustainable energy from windmills. In order to meet international requirements on the reduction of CO2 emissions, we need to make our cars and other means of transport more sustainable. Electric cars is a step further that way.',3)
INSERT INTO fact (fact_en, question) VALUES ('Have you experienced that the weather behaves more extreme with torrential rain, storms and heat? Yes – No climate change A weather affected by climate changes is wetter, warmer, wilder. We have to get used to extreme weathers like heat waves, cloudburst and storms in the future. 2016 was the hottest year on the globe ever to be measured. Climate change is caused by our greenhouse gas emissions to the atmosphere, which creates global warming. The increase in temperature can't exceed 2 degrees, and preferably only 1.5 degrees compared to before the industrialization, if we should stop the worst climate changes. That was approved on the international climate summit in Paris 2015.',4)
